.TH mkslideshow 1 "2021-03-22"

.SH NAME
mkslideshow - Make slideshow

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY mkslideshow
.OP -r|-c|-h
.OP -C codec
.OP -m music
.OP -l length
.I path
.OP \fIoutput\fR
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I
mkslideshow
utility generates a
.I
slideshow
from a folder containing files with the .png file extension.

.SH OPTIONS
.B -h
.RE
.RS 5
Show the usage of this utility.
.RE
.B -r
.RE
.RS 5
Randomize the order in which the pictures will be read.
.RE
.B -c
.RE
.RS 5
Convert all non-PNG files to PNG. (requires \fIimagemagick\fR's convert) (WIP)
.RE
.B -C \fIcodec\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Specify the \fIcodec\fR in which the output file will be converted. (See \fBCODECS\fR)
.RE
.B -m \fImusic\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Specify a \fImusic\fR file which is going to be played in the background of the resulting slideshow.
.RE
.B l \fIlength\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Specify the \fIlength\fR of the slideshow. (This option is required, if no \fImusic\fR was provided)

.SH OPERANDS
.I path
.RE
.RS 5
A path to a directory containing pictures with the \fI.png\fR file extension.
The first picture, which has been read, specifies the resulting aspect-ratio and color-depth.
.RE
.I output
.RE
.RS 5
The path to whrere the resulting slideshow will be saved. (Default output.mp4)

.SH CODECS
The following video codecs have been verified to work:
.RE
- libx264
.RE
- libx265
.RE
- libopenh264

.SH STDIN
Not used.

.SH STDOUT
Used for diagnostic messages.

.SH STDERR
Used for diagnostic messages.

.SH INPUT FILES
All files in the \fIpath\fR directory which have a .png file extension.

.SH OUTPUT FILES
The file specified with the \fIoutput\fR operand.

.SH EXIT STATUS
0
.RE
.RS 5
0
The slideshow was successfully created and stored at the location specified with the \fIoutput\fR operand.
.RE
>0
.RE
.RS 5
An error occured.






